- [Instructor] You can easily use
git checkout period to rewind a commit to its late state
but that doesn't remove to any Ontrack documents.
Now, if you have a project where you've added some folders
and our files, how do you get rid of not just
the last few changes, but also Ontrack files.
So if I take a look at my git status, you'll notice
that I have certain items that were modified right here.
And then I have a number of Ontrack files.
Now, if I issue a get checkout period, it's going to get rid
of the stage files and rewind them to their previous state.
Let's clear this out and then do a git status again.
And now you can see that, although we got rid
of any of the files that it was tracking
any Ontrack files are not really going to change
but there's one command you can use
to take care of this and it's called git clean.
So the way that it works is if you do a git clean command
and at a minus N flag
it's going to let you preview, what's going to be deleted.
And it's really important
that you learn to use this command
'cause you don't want to just delete things
without knowing what you're doing.
So this is going to show you
that it's going to remove the about that HTML file.
So if you take a look at my status though
you remember that there's actually another folder
and it's not going to get rid of that folder
without an additional flag.
And that is the minus D flag.
Let's go ahead and use that one.
So git clean
and again, I'm going to use minus N
but I'm also going to use the minus D for directory.
Now that's going to show you that it's going to get rid
of both of the on track files
and that's normally the one that you would want to run.
Obviously, if you want this to be applied
you need to get rid of the N and we will use an F instead.
So we'll do a clear here and do a git clean
and then minus D as well as F because we want to git force
or git rid of all of those on track files.
So I'm going to hit return and you can see
in the preview here that it's gotten rid of all the files.
So let's clear this out, get status, and now you can see
that everything appears to be up to date.
It just rewound everything.
And with the clean command
we were able to get rid of all the Ontrack files.
Be really careful when you use this
because it is dangerous.
Just go ahead and delete things
but at least with the minus and flag
you can take a look and preview what is going to be deleted.